Schama: root
Status: experimental
Description: root level schema
	This schema defines the fields that exist above all schemas.
	Name-value pairs here do not use a prefix.
Attributes:
	NV pair name		Mandatory	Description
	details			N		Misc information that relates to the event.


Schema: usracct
Status: experimental
Description: User Accounting Schema
        This schema is used to describe user accounting data (e.g. login/logout events)
Attributes:
	NV pair name		Mandatory	Description
	usracct.type		Y		"login" or "logout"
	usracct.username	Y		the name of the user (or the string "n/a" where the info is not available"
	usracct.sessionid	Y		an identifier of this session to match login/logout records
	usracct.service		N		the service that the given user was using if applicable ("terminal", "ras", "desktop", etc.)
	usracct.application	N		the application that implemented the service if applicable (e.g. "sshd", "vncserver", etc.)
	usracct.object		N		the object being accessed if applicable (e.g. file name, database, etc.)
	usracct.device		N		the device that was used for the access if applicable (client computer, terminal line, etc)
	usracct.authmethod	N		authentication method


Schema: flowevt
Status: experimental
Description: Events related to an IP flow
	This schema is used to describe events that are related to an IP flow (connection).
Attributes:
	NV pair name		Mandatory	Description
	flowevt.proto		Y		IP transport protocol (TCP, UDP, SCTP, ESP, ...)
	flowevt.src_ip		Y		Source IP address
	flowevt.src_port	Y		Source port number if applicable
	flowevt.dst_ip		Y		Destination IP address
	flowevt.dst_port	Y		Destination port number if applicable
	flowevt.in_iface	N		Input interface name if applicable
	flowevt.out_iface	N		Output interface name if applicable
	flowevt.in_zone		N		Zone name if applicable
	flowevt.out_zone	N		Zone name if applicable
	flowevt.size_bytes	N		The size of the transaction if applicable
	flowevt.size_packets	N		The number of packets of the transaction if applicable.

Schema: secevt
Status: experimental
Description: Security Event Schema
	This schema describes events that either explicitly authorize or
	reject something.  It is not usually used alone, as it is important
	to know what was rejected.  The "what" can be described by a
	different schema (like flowevt + security can describe firewall events)
Attributes:
	NV pair name		Mandatory	Description
	secevt.verdict		N		The verdict (ACCEPT, REJECT, ...), would need to be uniformized

Schema: natevt
Status: experimental
Description: NAT Event Schema
	This schema describes events that perform Network Address
	Translation events.  It is not common to use this without also using
	flowevt as the base flow information is described there.
Attributes:
	NV pair name		Mandatory	Description
	natevt.src_ip		Y		Source IP address after NAT is performed.
	natevt.src_port		Y		Source port number after NAT is performed.
	natevt.dst_ip		Y		Destination IP address after NAT is performed.
	natevt.dst_port		Y		Destination port number after NAT is performed.
